I am not the person I used to be.  
What I once so adamantly described as love has shown itself to be but a shadow of itself. What was a clear 
goal of fostering friendships now fades into confusion. What I thought were strong connections simply 
stand rooted in a series of experiences and uses.  
How can I be built on a foundation that so readily calls me a monster and sees me as nothing but a Hater? 
How can I defend a life that isolates me from the world? 
How can we all allow such tolerance in the name of fun and feeling nice? 
I cannot defend my own hypocrisy anymore. So, I must admit surrender.  
How can someone even stand me.  
I know most of my missteps. I am conscious of my actions. I disdain the hatred that has fueled me recently. 
Yet I am incapable of fighting my anger at everything and everyone.  
I’ve lost my way of life. I don’t see myself in anyone anymore; I have tainted every single relationship I 
have had.  
I do so knowingly, out of spite and disappointment in myself. 
What I defended as an open attitude has trapped me in a dark solitary room. A room that is seen by others 
with pity, annoyance, and disparagement. Where inside thoughts stay in, and outside thoughts roam out.  
I am clearly not strong enough to balance it all. I am clearly not emotionally mature enough to continue to 
endure the ignorance we all allow.  
I cannot continue to live my life the way I have in the past. I will stay quiet and focus on myself like so 
many people have told me to. 
I am of no help, and you cannot help me.  
I write this as a turning point that won’t rotate anything. The act has begun and no one but mySelf will 
watch the performance.  
People deserve love. Love I will show through my work and not through mySelf. MySelf has only betrayed. 
I must move past myself, leaving behind what trailed me, to finally walk masked and chained. 
You’ll share this but I won’t care. After all, they won’t care. I’ll be the Harry they want and that will be 
enough for them.  
You will see this as a positive thing.  
You will see it as your good work.  
This was all self-inflicted. 
You were all right.  
Respectfully, 
A Hater